removed use of "banned words" to comply with "Docs writing guidelines" (#6091)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/export/exporting_pcks.rst

Summary
-------

> This tutorial should illustrate how to add mods, patches, or DLC to a game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial explains how to add mods, patches, or DLC to a game.
```
